| Working towards 0.5 :: Mingus
---------------------------------------

Since 08/12/03:

Fixed save changed workspace code.
Fixed save changed project code.
Fixed project-group rename.
Added .config to the xml file extensions - .NET config files.
Added some bitmaps for projects context menus.
Save All now saves the current project group and projects if changed.
Added %p and %g to tool parameters. %p for project file, %g for project group file.
Added Active Project concept. Right-click on a project to set active - or first project added is active.
Removing a modified project from a project group causes a "do you want to save".

Since 07/12/03:

Fixed global pre-defined tools behaviour.

Since 05/12/03:

Fixed size combo box on styles tab.
Fixed rebar to not use single-click auto-size. Double-click now auto-sizes.
Fixed revert to scroll to the selected line properly.
Fixed revert to invalidate the window to avoid drawing problems (hopefully).
Fixed tool runner to wait for non-captured processes when "modifies file" is set.
Patched scintilla to fix the wrong line-endings paste issue.
Fixed 0-length regex replace bug.

Since 20/11/03:

Moved New Files options page to Files|New Files.
Added user-customisable alternate files, see Options:Files|Alternate Files
Added encoding menu to the File menu to allow file encoding selection.
Fixed unicode file saving, previously load was ok but save worked in ascii.
Updates to the docking window framework and the tabs.
Tool sets can now be defined using the standard syntax in %pn%\tools\*.xml.

Since 18/11/03:

Added encoding conversions to text-clip imports. Text clips must be saved as
UTF-8, UTF-16 or iso-8859-1 text, but come into PN2 as UTF-8. Due to this,
some characters could not be shown previously, but can now be converted to 
ANSI or Windows-1252 (just about iso-8859-1 ) on import. This allows text-
clips to include characters in these encodings for insertion into documents.
To enable an encoding for a given clips file, simply include an encoding=""
attribute on the clips element, and specify one of "windows-1252" or "ansi".

The name of each clip is by default treated as UTF-8. If the title itself 
contains non-ASCII characters then PN will make an attempt at displaying 
anything that fits into windows-1252. To enable this, a clips element can 
specify decodeNames="true".

Fixed the text-clips chooser.

Since 10/11/03:

Output window no longer inherits line length helper styles.
New build of scintilla fixes wrapping problems.
Print setup dialog changes.
Single-instance restrictions.

Since 04/11/03:

Italic font customisations not picked up. (SF Bug #834967)
Changed Workspace to Project Group (hopefully everywhere).
Added new scheme options tab "More Options". Currently allows setting of
  cursor, selection and indent guide colours.
Fixed colour overrides for brace matches, line numbers and control 
  characters.
Project Group files saved as .ppg.

Since 16/10/03:

Fixed drop-downs in the find and replace dialogs.
Opening a project or workspace shows the Projects window.
Workspace saving and loading.
Some changes to workspace/project close logic.
Fixed projects tree-control background.
Added "Specified text was not found" message thanks to Klaus Kurzawa.
Merged changes from Bjoern Graf for re-ordering MRU items on file open.
Added project and workspace icons.
Icon file icons no longer cached.
Enabled multiple-selection in projects tree control.
Added (X)HTML export from Bjoern Graf.
Some UI fixes (minor) from Bjoern Graf.
Save All only saves unchanged files. (SF Bug #827998)

Since 13/10/03:

Projects view sets correct icons when adding files, not just when loading a project.
Only asks you to close files in the workspace if there are workspace files open - not just any file.
Tooltip for Find in Files item.
Changed new folder text to "Add New Folder" to disabiguate from Add Files.
Rolled back mru text length changes - maximum now hard-coded to 97.
Status bar now shows filenames of files on the MRU list as the mouse moves over them.